you too thank you for being here you've
been booked for a few weeks and I really
appreciate you you are you keeping the
booking and coming to know Kobe wouldn't
want me to cancel that's right
I think you know Kobe would want us all
to carry on and be great in our lives
and we should do something positive you
know whether it's you know making sure
that we love our family or giving back
to an organization in his name you know
we should do something great because he
was such a great man great husband Great
Father incredible basketball player and
for 20 years you know yeah long time to
where the Laker purple and go man no no
and love playing the game and then to
see him you know just become a great
father and husband and he was enjoying
life and went way too way too early
yeah well you were his idol I mean
that's that's something when we idolize
each other yeah that I think that's very
interesting because you both called each
other the greatest Laker of all time
yeah and and and it didn't seem like
either one of you was just being nice
about it it seemed like you both meant
it and I could understand you being his
idol him calling you the greatest Laker
of all time and to be honest I think of
you as the greatest Laker of all time
thank you it's so unusual to me that you
would would give that title to him well
because we both poured our heart and
soul into performing every night in Los
Angeles for the greatest fans on earth
and - we both were committed to
basketball we were married to basketball
we were married to winning and playing
the game the right way and then every
night that you came to the forum because
that's where he first started mhm and
then he was actually able to build
Staples Center and every night you came
to Staples Center you knew you were
gonna see something spec
so something great that you've never
seen in your life and that was Kobe
Bryant and then he made no excuses
that's why we all should never make
excuses because Kobe never made the
excuse whether he was tired hurt he
played through everything and the man
gave us everything that he had who do
you think hated losing more you or him
both of us yeah we both hated losing and
we both enjoy winning and especially
winning in Los Angeles for the Lakers
and this is a great photo of you guys
you posted this from Nike now yeah what
do you remember about this anything we
actually one time play one-on-one and he
got so mad that because I call foul on
every play can I tell you I actually we
he said that here on our well what are
the things being a magic that I thought
it was very interesting is that you only
played with magic once one time when Tom
in a practice I was it how did that go
he called every single foul even the
ones that weren't there all right your
magic lose the score is 10 to 6 no it's
not it's 10 to 9 I'm like
[Laughter]
is that accurate of course I was older
he was in his prime killing me I got a
cheese it was like you're on the Houston
ash the first man find in my cookie was
not happy
hey that miss you couldn't shop as much
so be very careful well hopefully the
Dodgers have a great season hopefully
the Dodger I'm sure they will have a
great season and hopefully we'll be a
fair season in your basketball career
did you ever cheat did you ever deflate
the ball we never cheated but the
Celtics they cheated it was in June so
it was like 90 degrees outside huh
they cut the heat up in our locker room
to get you so make us tired and it will
turn off the like heat on the water in
your hotel also yes they they did
everything he did everything they poured
the fire alarm at three o'clock in the
morning
would that make you more motivation tell
them we wanted to beat them so bad
and we did
all right we're gonna take a break when
we come back I want to talk to you about
our vacations together and and I want I
have some things to ask you about okay
Magic Johnson is here with us who owns
the Dodgers owns the sparks co-owns of
course the LA football club has that
been fun for you oh it's been great I
mean we had the best record in MLS last
season and we lost in a playoff but
we're building something special I think
we're gonna win a championship here soon
I love women's basketball just like Kobe
did I hope you love women's basketball
and I love being the owner of the sparks
we have some Candice Parker as a
tremendous Hall of Fame player or they
all-time greats
exactly so and really you're easily the
most important man in Los Angeles sports
you were a huge part of bringing LeBron
James to the Lakers and in now you're
not working with the Lakers right so
even there you are having a major impact
it's Taco Tuesday bothered you know
LeBron has invited me over for those
Taco Tuesday but oh wait we'll wait till
we win the championship person then
we'll I feel like I'm so taco crazy that
he doesn't want to share any of them I
never seen anyone this excited about
Mexican floor well where you had to
remember you is playing in Cleveland
uh-huh yeah not the best for me exactly
and in Miami so he come here you get the
best
[Applause]
you had every year you go on vacation in
Europe you you cruise on a yacht around
Italy Sam Jackson always comes with you
right who else always comes with you on
that trip well it just depends
John and Vicky Palmer we have you know
Anthony Anderson a lot of people came
out this summer yes to hang with us and
celebrate our 60th birthday both come
yes glad you mentioned Anthony and and
Charlie Wilson performed that oli Wilson
was amazed who else performed at your
Earth Wind & Fire Wow Osborne chocolate
car the best no yes yes I mean really
like that's who I would have it my 60th
yes yes so on that note I have not just
ask but implored you repeatedly to let
me come on this vacation wait that's
right
this summer uh-huh I started looking at
your Instagram okay checking it out and
I was like oh there they are again
that's my beautiful wife your beautiful
wife and so I decided that I would put
myself and then as you continue to post
photos I continued to put myself there
are many many more and Annie Anderson he
texts me he's like are you here what not
just him
a lot of people thought you were really
many people in my life my relatives
thought oh this is the greatest no I did
it not at home right
what we're waiting on you waiting I have
an open invitation do I really
yeah but the problem with you there's
always a yeah yeah yeah what is the
problem with work every night now I'll
cut in the summer time I'll come here's
what I'll do I'll tie I'll have a dinghy
and I'll tie a rope in the backyard
and I'll just follow along behind it and
then when it's time I'll come on and
we'll you know you check with your wife
uh-huh and you can come on and you won't
be now I know I'm forcing myself on
you've not you're good like are you
gonna go home to cookie tonight go no I
got bad news about was great is she
gonna be watching right now she's
canceling she's calling the travel agent
[Laughter]
so alright so you got a lot going on you
got the Dodgers four we go to spring
training will that happen yeah I go
spring training watch a couple games
then the teams get jealous of how much
time you will spend with each of the
many clubs you have no no because I
think they understand you know listen
we're all here in Los Angeles they want
to do well you know the city loves the
Dodgers uh-huh
they're starting to love LA FC I thought
we sell out every game
yeah and then the sparks have their fan
base so I think everybody understands LA
just wants a winner they want guys who
come out and play the game the right way
and wait a minute yep and so hopefully
the Lakers is a bit a year look like
it's gonna be a year of the Lakers flame
the Clippers probably for the West I
won't be signed on huh wouldn't that be
you love that I would love it you're not
as long as we win would you rather lose
to the Clippers or any other to lose to
no ballet all right
I'm a Laker you know me better than that
I know you better than that I'd ask
anyway yeah we'll get to know each other
a lot better on the yacht oh yeah
[Applause]
to get tickets to the games will be back
with Ben Schwartz am jimmy kimmel give
back this holiday season in a fun way
buy my new book the serious goose I
wrote it through it all the money I make
goes to children's hospitals across the
country or watch another gaming video
and don't help kids it's up to you